README.md, before:

# hw2-bio
Homework-2 Mobile Responsive Bio 

My BIO was based on a business idea that I had discussed with some friends so I thought I would base the Web App on it.  I will look to develop it further over the course of the next few months.  

# Objectives
Following the Homework readme directions I utilised Bootstrap to develop all elements in each of the HTML files.  As Bootstrap is inherently responsive I found I didn't need to use any media queries.  I also housed bootstrap divs inside semantic elements such as header, main, and footer.  

## Bootstrap Nav
I took use of the bootstrap nav options and it fit my theme well.  There was a little bit of investigating into 'Flexbox' and what it provides.  I like the responsiveness of the bootstrap website so i took advantage of web dev tools and found the right 'class' to have my 'Nav' respond in the same way.  

## Bootstrap and Grid
I used the boostrap grid system including sub-rows and sub-columns in the 'Portfolio.html'.  The sub-rows/columns made it easy to set out the content in portfolio but had to use 'col-md' in the sub-rows/cols inside the 'container-sm' to get the right response i was after when changing screen sizes.

## Images
The images responded in the way that i liked them too.  It did take a little bit to get them to behave exactly how I wanted them too but I wanted them to stack under each other without changing original size too much.  I used images from the web as the icons in the portfolio but the POP service image is my own creation through 'Canva'.

## HTML Validation
I used 'https://validator.w3.org/' to review and ensure my HTML code was valid.

# Working links
All the lilnks on each page work.  I included a link to my Github and Linkedin accounts.  The linkedin link requires you to sign into your account before geting access.  I made the Logoo link back to the 'about' page.  I also for a bit of added fun included a submit page so the 'submit' button directs you to a thanks page knowing that the info was not going anywhere.

# Sticky-footer
I created a sticky footer as part of the bonus section.

# Commits
I tried to commit as often as I could so that each change could be seen in a commit.

Commit message:

Updated ReadMe and About Me pages

README.md, after:

# hwk9-Updated-Bio
Homework-9 Mobile Responsive Bio Updated

My BIO was based on a business idea that I had discussed with some friends so I thought I would keep that theme 

# Objectives
Following the Homework readme directions I have updated the Bio Webpage to include project 1 and 3 other created apps.  There is a link to GitHub and LinkedIn at the bottom of the web page with both of these account being updated with info.

# List of Working links
All the links on each page.

## Updated Bio
https://github.com/EMoschos/Web-Dev-Bio
https://emoschos.github.io/Web-Dev-Bio/

## Personal GitHub
https://github.com/EMoschos

## LinkedIn 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eleftherios-moschos-380409113/

## Doggo App
https://gussell87.github.io/Doggo/
https://github.com/gussell87/doggo

## Weather App
https://emoschos.github.io/hows-the-weather/
https://github.com/EMoschos/hows-the-weather

## Planner App
https://emoschos.github.io/plan-my-time-away/
https://github.com/EMoschos/plan-my-time-away/

## Quiz App
https://emoschos.github.io/Code-Quiz-Wizz/
https://github.com/EMoschos/Code-Quiz-Wizz
